Add `wrangler types` customization and improvements (#5042)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/serious-socks-tan.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> fix: make `wrangler types` pick up secrets from `.dev.vars`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: make the `wrangler types` command pick up local secret keys from `.dev.vars`
```

Make sure that the `wrangler types` command correctly picks up

> secrets defined in `.dev.vars` and includes them in the generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secret keys defined in `.dev.vars` and includes them in the generated
```
